The lady is here.
Hi, ma'am.
Don't be afraid.
I'm still the fiancé of the family.
Family rules
You can call me Ninh Tien.
Hello, Miss Ninh.
You go back to work first.
Don't stress.
I've got people placing snacks outside the building.
People don't need gas.
Miss Ninh is beautiful and generous.
For us, the sum total is really born as a couple.
Yeah, yeah.
Thank you, Miss Ninh.
General Gu is still in a meeting, wait for your guests, wait.
It's not too late.
It turns out that Gu's fiancee is Miss Ling.
We used to think that the Bleeding Order and the Total
Don't talk nonsense.
You all know Gu's lover, right?
This is Miss Ninh.
That's the character that Gu held in the palm of his hand.
Try total goodness
It's not that some people with ulterior motives can hold on.
Are you talking about me?
Some people know.
Try not to look back at him.
Our general manager Gu's fiancee is both beautiful and generous.
Unlike some people who think that being hugged a little by Gu is able to fly up a tree branch and turn into a phoenix.
You've misunderstood.
General Manager Gu's fiancee and I are good friends.
It's always because my fiancé's face takes more care of me.
Secretary General Lam
Give me the office.
Do you know what you're bleeding for?
Miss Ninh.
The president and his fiancee.
I must have heard of that whole bleeding charm.
It's still here.
Absolutely.
I want to get the blood out.